QUESTIONS FROM NOTES
-------------------------------------------------------------------



Q1:  Why did you choose the language you used?

A1:  I've been tinkering with Python for a while, but it is hard to
	 learn a new language without having an interesting project to 
	 use it for.  My expectation was that it would let me focus on
	 the more interesting parts of the assignment, and use built in
	 methods for the borings stuff like parsing the input file.
	 I still had to use Regex, which I dislike, but overall it was
	 fairly painless.  I got to explore Object Oriented design, which
	 should allow me to extend the functionality of this code in a 
	 natural manner should I find myself with some free time and a
	 little curiosity in the coming weeks.


Q2:  What did you learn new about programming as a result of this
	 assignment?

A2:  As I mentioned, I played around with Object Orientation and 
	 found it to be a natural fit for this kind of material.
	 I also forced myself to use version control(git) for the first
	 time ever from start to finish.  It helped me stay on track and
	 prevented me from breaking everything by being overly ambitious.


Q3:  Did programming the FEA code help you understand FEA any better?

A3:  I don't think so.  It let me make the connection as to why
	 connectivity written as a cooridinate pair is useful.  Working
	 by hand it is much easier to just draw it.

Q4:  Approximately how many hours did you spend on the first part?
	 On the second part?

A4:  I did not follow the bottom-up style that was suggested in the
	 notes so it is hard to say.  I planned mine out, wrote a library
	 (while testing consistently), and then tied it all together in
	 maybe 20 minutes with less than 30 lines in my "main" program.

	 The majority of my time was spent constructing the beam through
	 "composition" of elements.  I created an element "class", then
	 my beam class consists of a "list" of "elements", and functions
	 that work using them as attributes.  Parsing my input file took
	 about 4 hours I think in total, and that's because I got a little
	 fancy in the format of it.  In total, including initial design, 
	 this took me about 20 hours over the course of 2 weeks.

Q5:  Would you have liked to do more code development in this class?


A5:  At some point it doesn't matter what I "want" to do if I do not
	 have the time to spare.  Implementing more than I've done and
	 making things more general would have taken an additional couple
	 of weeks I feel, and we simply don't have time for that in the
	 summer session.  I may tinker with this again after finals 
	 because I'm curious about some things like increasing the order
	 of the approximation, or writing more generic loads. 



